Fix for unstable panel after drag and drop (#1402)
mucommander/mucommander: package/readme.txt

- When copying files from a non-Windows source, replace characters that are invalid in Windows filenames (e.g., '*', ':') with an underscore.
- Copying names, basenames, and paths of files to the clipboard stopped working (regression).
- Fixed undesired beep and character when leaving Terminal with F12.

> - Fixed unstable file panel after Drag and drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unstable file panel after dragging a file and dropping it on a separate application.
```

I think it is also better to replace `unstable` with a more accurate description but I'm not sure I get the full picture of what actually happened in that case
